This might seem boring, but this is how
we helped this brand make [music]
$255,000
from one email. And the crazy part is it
didn't include any [music] discounts and
it didn't take us any extra work because
we didn't need some crazy design or some
crazy email flow to set this [music]
thing up because we made it stupid
simple. Now, I'm going to show you how
to use this simple method to start
generating [music] absolutely ridiculous
amounts of money from your emails with
barely any work. Just like this brand,
we helped make over $100,000 from one
email. And this also works on smaller
brands. You can see how much revenue
these are producing and the engagement
rates just off these types [music] of
emails. Now, before we dive into how to
actually do something similar, we need
to talk about actually the type of
[music] email this is and the psychology
behind it. And this type of email is a
plain text email. That means an email
campaign with zero design and zero
graphic work in it. Now, I know that
sounds boring, but let me explain why
these work. And also, I need to go over
how most people mess these up. Now,
these work because if you open your
inbox today, 99% of all the emails out
there are blinding graphics and
distracting. Buy our stuff. Buy our
stuff. And since that's what everybody's
doing, your brain is just naturally
trained to ignore them. And you also
know that they are trying to sell you
something hard, which naturally
increases buyer resistance. [music] When
you come across a plain text email like
this that looks like it's coming from a
real person, it immediately grabs your
attention and stands out. And the same
applies to the subscribers on your email
list. When they see a plain text email
that comes from a real person and it
shows up native to your [music] inbox,
just like a friend is sending you an
email, they're much more likely to
interact with it and convert from it.
There are some brands that I've seen who
are executing [music] this to absolute
perfection. Let me show you a couple of
these. Here's one that I absolutely love
from Breeze. Breeze is a brand that
sells THC infused drinks. And for
somebody to buy a THC infused drink
online, they probably have a lot of
questions. So rather than send some like
corporate email that just is going to
look super super made up and artificial,
they send this super real message from
Corbin from Breeze. When you go through
the inbox, you see all these brand
names. So something like this right here
coming from a real person or Corbin from
Breeze is going to stand out a lot more.
You can see it's just plain text. It
looks just like a friend on Gmail and
it's just super personal. It's like,
"Hey yo, the most common question I get
is, "What does Breeze taste like?" It
makes sense. Buying a drink you found on
the internet is a little risky,
especially if it just tastes like
another sad club soda. So, you can see
it's super friendly. Hope that helps.
Much love, Corbin. If you're ready to
claim yours, here's this discount. Claim
here. Short, to the point, super
personal, and it literally feels like
this person is personally reaching out,
and that's why it converts so well. And
you can see if I look up breeze right
here, you can see how often they are
mixing in these textbased emails. They
have the branded ones which are just
from Breeze right here where it's very
graphic. And then you have Corbin from
Breeze. You have these ones that are
mixed in that feel like the friend. And
I love what they do here. It's just
like, you know, reaching out not as like
a brand trying to oversell. It's like
here's the mindset I'm carrying into the
season. Present is the present and that
sort of stuff. And then of course they
tie in their products right here. But
it's super friendly. This brings you
closer to the brand. And this personal
approach works so well because people
want to buy from people. They no longer
just want to buy from faceless
corporations. See, back in 2015 or
whatever, when there were just a ton of
scams online, people preferred to just
buy from big name brands because they
were trusted. But today, with all the
protection that's out there, people
trust all sorts of brands online cuz
they know that there's going to be some
sort of protection for them. And so,
what they like to do is they like to
support other people, not these big
corporations. [music] We saw this after
the pandemic. It's, you know, support
local businesses. And this brand right
here is an eight figureure brand making
millions of dollars every month, but
they give off this personal sort of vibe
that makes people want to support them.
Now, here's another brand that leans
heavily into this as well. This is Snow.
And you can see you have the Snow oral
Care and then also you see mixed in Josh
from Snow. We can see this was an email
that I received today. Josh from Snow, a
gift that always gets used. Hey friend,
I know this time of year moves quickly.
We all reach that moment where we're
still looking for something meaningful
to give, something that feels thoughtful
without adding stress to an already full
season. And then it just talks about how
you can gift people a bright smile and
then you have this message and then
something friendly like warm wishes from
Josh. Amazing. They have those emails,
but then they have like the sort of
graphic sort of stuff. And there's a
room for this graphic sort of stuff. You
know, it's visually appealing. And so
you want a majority do this, but when we
can interrupt things with these
textbased emails, they're really going
to make a positive impact. It's also
super key to be inserting these [music]
textbased emails into your flows at
strategic places. So, I showed you this
example right here of answering this
commonly [music] asked question and then
giving a discount at the end. What about
abandonment flows? Here's an example of
a great abandonment flow textbased
email. Hey, Freda, it's Michelle, the
founder of Velvet Caviar. So, a lot of
people are like, "Holy the founder
is reaching [music] out to me." So, we
say, "I noticed you were browsing our
site and didn't find a case you liked.
We have 200 plus styles. Try checking
out these bestsellers. I'm sure you'll
find something that you love." And
something personal about the iPhone 16
coming out and then shop now. Cheers,
Michelle. Super friendly, super
personal, and it makes people look like
they're actually being looked after.
Here's another example right here from
Hersh at Live Fresh. Hi, Kelly. Hope
you're well and keeping in good health.
How friendly. I just want to check in
and see if there's anything we can do to
help you complete your purchase. We save
your order on file. Click the link below
to try [music] LiveFresh today. And then
mix in a little bit of social proof.
It's not like you just be completely
friendly in these emails. Mix in some
social proof. Help yourself stand out.
We're verified by 40 patents, 26
research studies. Uh we have 12 dental
experts on staff, fully committed to
your satisfaction. Something friendly
like warm wishes. and then linking back
to the site if you need to. Amazing. And
then you can have a lot of urgency as
well. Something like this. Hey, it's
Ashley here. We started this brand with
one goal in mind. Create cool clothes
for boys with exceptional quality made
to last. This is your last chance to
claim 10% off on the items you've been
eyeing. Use this code on your next
order. Claim my discount. Thanks for
rolling with us. So, you are more than
welcome to [music] be aggressive with
this. So, those are a few great
examples. And what I love more than the
performance on these emails, you will
notice like the examples that I've shown
you, the engagement rates that we
[music] get on these emails, they get
insane engagement rates and they get
really good results. But the best part
is the time you save putting these
emails together. You don't have to do
some crazy design. You don't need to get
a graphic designer involved. You can
just [music] do these yourself super
fast and even use chat GPT to help you
speed up the process. So, it's a very
lowc cost, low effort to put together,
but it performs really well. Textbased
emails are just one small part about
email marketing strategy and I have a
ton more different hacks. So, if you
want me to do these sorts of hacks like
you and hacks that have helped me
generate over $200 million for brands,
then click the link in the description,
first link, you can book a call with us
to see if we're fit to scale your email
marketing channel. But most people think
creating these plain text emails is just
as simple [music] as typing some text
and then clicking send. But that's
exactly how you waste extra engagement
and it's going to waste your use of a
textbased email right there cuz we want
to be sparing when we send these
textbased emails. You need to make sure
you do it right cuz right now you've got
them right where you want them. You've
landed in the inbox cuz these emails are
better for deliverability. You stood out
from everything else by having that
plain text email and your customers are
ready to read whatever you put in front
of them. But if you send a generic
message with no direct response, then
that entire opportunity is just wasted.
So you need to have a system like this
to get extra engagement and converts
them into [music] customers. There are a
couple things that you need to be sure
that you're doing with your textbased
emails. First thing is you want as
little words as possible. [music] Do not
make this over 250 words. Don't make it
an essay. The thing that graphic emails
have on textbased emails is that graphic
emails can be skimmed. [music] While
textbased emails, it's much harder to
skim a block of text. So, we want to
make sure that it is under 250 words.
Two, we only want to have one to two at
most call to actions within the
textbased email. Why textbased emails
work so well is because they aren't
overwhelming. If you put so many
different call to actions within your
message, then people are going to see
that, get overwhelmed, and leave. But if
you make it super simple and just have
one button, which is just highlighted in
blue and underlined, it's really going
to stand out in [music] that sea of
black text. And it's why a lot of these
textbased emails have such high click
rates. So try to max out at one to two
call to actions. You need to make sure
that it comes from an actual person. I
highly recommend that if you're the
founder and you don't want it to come
from you, you can literally create
somebody if you want, like Corbin from
Breeze, completely made up. Feel free to
just make up a character. And I highly
recommend to have a PS section within
your textbased emails because it is
proven that the PS section of a letter
or an email is the most read section. So
if you have something super important,
[music] say it in the PS section. Let's
go through how we can create these
textbased emails super easy and super
fast with my custom GPT. So if you go to
wellcopy.net/GPT,
you can get access to my custom GPT
right here called the email marketing
brain. Super easy. All that we're going
to do is we're going to click this main
menu and it's going to give us a few
options. What we're going to do is we
are going to have it write us an email
marketing campaign and it knows exactly
what a textbased email is so it can help
us write the copy. So I'm going to click
B so that we can go [music] here and
have it write a campaign. So I need to
answer all of these questions right
[music] here. All right. So I'm doing
this for this brand create creatine
right here. So creatine gummies pretty
standard creatine brand. And what I've
done here is I've answered the question.
Just copy and paste in the email that I
say for right here. This last question
is, I want a textbased email from the
founder, Brian, about I don't know if
Brian's the founder's name. I just made
that up. But about the myth that
creatine is only for men and how it is
great for women. And then we are going
to see what it comes up with. It should
know that a textbased email is a
textbased email from the founder. And so
here is what it is going to pop out for
us. Sometimes you need to go a little
bit back and forth with this. And so it
didn't pick up the plain text base. And
so it gave us like this right here,
which you can get a lot of good content
just from this. But I'm going to say I
want it to be a plain text email with no
graphic and straight from the founder.
And then we should be good right here.
Perfect. And this is the layout that we
want. And boom. It's been trained on
sort of like the style that we like. So
here's what we got. Hey, it's Brian,
founder of Create. Want to send a quick
note because there's a myth that still
comes up all [music] the time. Isn't
creatine just for guys? Totally fair
question, but it's a myth and it's
holding a lot of women back from seeing
real performance and recovery gains.
[music] Here's the truth. Creatine is
one of the most studied and effective
supplements out there. It helps with
energy, muscle recovery, brain function,
overall strength, and those benefits
aren't gender [music] specific. In fact,
many women have lower natural creatine
stores than men. So, they actually see
bigger improvements when they start
supplementing it. Holy cow, I didn't
know that. But look at Chat GPT go. And
no, it won't make you bulky or cause
water retention when you take high
quality form [music] like ours. So, you
can see right here now it's tying the
specific product and overcoming
objections. Create uses 100% soluble
creatine monohydrate. That means it
[music] dissolves fully digest clean and
doesn't leave you feeling bloated or
gritty like the old school powders do.
another unique selling proposition to
them. If you've been on this fence, this
is your sign to give it a try. Your
workouts, energy, and recovery. Well,
thank you, Brian. Founder create. PS.
Got question? Just hit reply. I actually
read these. So, that [music] just gives
it that extra personal little touch
right here. So, we love this. This is
amazing. The only thing that I would
probably do is just add a clear call to
action down here at the end saying,
"Hey, like shop now." You see, we have
some subject lines right here. So, boom.
This is perfect. This is what we want.
It is a good length right here. Pause.
It's not too blocky. It's not too
difficult. It flows well. That's because
I've trained it on this. You might have
to go back and forth and you can ask for
different options, whatever you want,
but whatever works. Now, let's get to
actually building this inside of Claio.
[music] So, building it in Clavio is
super super easy. All that we want to
do, whether it's a campaign or flow, all
that we're doing is we're going to
create campaign right here. I'm [music]
going to say test textbased right here.
I'm going to click this email. Going to
click whatever list that I'm sending it
to. And right when we go to this next
section right here, we want to click
these three dots. So, we don't want to
choose any one of these like graphic
templates cuz these are going to be
graphic emails. We want the emails to
show up just like they would in
somebody's inbox. [music]
And so, how we do that is we switch to
the textonly editor. So, we go in here
and then once we [music] do this, we can
edit our copy right inside of here and
it's going to show just like it would in
somebody's native inbox. And so, let's
run through that. I'm going to copy
[music] and paste this. Just going to
copy and paste this. I'm going to paste
with formatting. I'm going to add a shop
now button right here. [music] I'll just
link back to this main website. Head
back over to Clavio. Add the link and
then it's automatically going to [music]
make it blue. Maybe bold it. And then we
are all good. I prefer just like for so
people can read it. Super easy. I just
change it to Aerial. It's the most
readable f font right here. And then
maybe I get rid of that M dash because
it's very catchy bte. Add commas
instead. Maybe a dot dot dot right here.
And boom, we should be all good to go.
I'm going [music] to click save real
quick and just add in right here. I'm
going to do Brian from create and then
plain text emails. You don't get to have
preview text. It's just how those are
set up. So, I'm going to add is creatine
just for men. Actually, no. Let's do the
let's talk about creatine [music]
plus woman. And this is probably going
to get the attention of men, too, cuz
they're going to say creatine woman. Is
it are they going to talk about like how
men or how women like creatine? Uh, so
we're all good to go. I'm gonna send a
preview email to myself [music] so that
we can take a look. And boom. We can see
right here it shows up as Brian from
create. We can click right here the
let's talk about creatine plus woman.
[music] And boom, it looks just like a
friend is sending you a message. It's
plain text just [music] like this. And
you can see everything is right here.
Maybe I'd want to bold some different
points, but we click shop now. And then
it goes directly to the site. And that
is a banger [music] textbased email that
we can send to our list. So that's how
we set it up. But I really want to be
sure that you aren't over sending
textbased emails. If you over send
textbased emails, you're going to get
more negative reactions because
textbased emails aren't visually
appealing. People still like to have
visual appeal. And part of why textbased
emails work so well is because they're
rare. So you don't want to overdo your
textbased emails cuz then they lose that
novelty. So instead, I want you to have
one textbased email in each one of your
key flows. Your welcome flow, make sure
you have one textbased email. Every
single one of your abandonment flows,
make sure you have one. Your post-p
purchase flow. own win back flow. And
then also, I want you to send roughly
four graphic based emails to one
textbased email. Maybe a 5:1, but at
least send twoish textbased emails every
single month to your list in your
campaigns. Do one sort of like general
textbased email, some sort of
educational one like the example that I
just showed you. And then have one
that's a little bit more promotional.
And be sure that you test these out and
try out different things. Try different
characters. Try having Brian from
create, but maybe test doing like Sarah
from create. Maybe a woman is going to
convert better. I'm not sure. Test it
for your brand. And there's all sorts of
fun stuff that you can try. Now, at this
point, you know exactly how to make
plain text emails work and how to use
them in your list to make more money.
But none of that matters if you have
nobody to send your emails to. The
easiest way to make more money is by
having more people to send emails to.
So, if you want the exact strategy that
I've used to help triple this brand's
email [music] list, watch this next
video and I will see you over there.
Thank you for watching.